Why did I poke your sore spot?
I really can't see it.
You have a lot of self-esteem
I never guess what the weak say
But you beat around the bush Ma Yufei
That's courting death
I'm so scared
I also said what can be done
How dare you hit me in front of my grandma?
Hit you
Is it still necessary to copy the days?
Manager Xiao
How dare you hit my daughter?
I'll make you pay
Enough is enough, now it's a lot of things
My Ye family was suppressed by the Chu family outside
That's my family
And it's like this
Cheng He Style
Although there is rain
I brought back this contract to ease the urgent need
But in the long run
It's not a solution
I heard that tonight
8 o'clock at the Skyline Hotel
Hold an alliance conference
Invite major families to form a business alliance
Let's deal with us together
Here it is.
The last opportunity for our relationship with the Chu family
Once the alliance is formed
We will completely resist the strong for the major families
Completely into a doomed situation
Li Fei, bring a heavy gift tonight
Go to the Chu family and wait for the door to apologize
What mom
The purpose of their establishment of the business alliance
Just to deal with our Ye family
If you go tonight
Isn't that asking for trouble?
Yeah, mom, we're going there tonight.
Then the Chu family will definitely make things difficult for us
So what do you say?
That pair
Mr. Xiaoye goes
Anyway, our Yufei will not lose face
Do I still have a face?
My face is covered in that explosive freak of yours
It's swollen.
Isn't Jiao Yulin amazing?
If you want to go, let him apologize.